hey everyone I'm Judith Jones food and
travel editor of the gourmet Travel ISTA
and today I'm going to be showing you
how to make the perfect grilled cheese
yeah the ultimate indulgence so for the
classic grilled cheese all we're going
to need is spurt three very basic
ingredients your bread your cheese your
butter so we have two slices of thickly
sized
white bread we have two slices of sharp
cheddar cheese and we have two
tablespoons of butter now if you don't
have a flat griddle and the best thing
you can use is a cast-iron pan that's
going to be the perfect instrument to
use to give you a perfect golden crust
so first things first let's get our red
now be very generous with your butter
and we're gonna butter one side of the
bread now just to let you know we've got
our pan on a medium heat and we've let
it get nice and hot smoking hot in fact
we're just gonna really generously lava
the butter on this can't have enough
butter in grilled cheese absolutely and
we're going to do the same to the other
side alright get that all going there
now there's various different ways you
can make grilled cheese you know a lot
of people even do it in the oven and you
can put the butter in first in the pan
but this is one of the easiest and
simplest or more well known ways so
we've got our two bread's buttered like
that now I have my cheddar cheese but
first of all we're gonna put our bread
butter side down into our cast iron pan
and let that go a little now I have my
cheddar cheese cheddar cheese is from a
nice little village in Somerset in
England now there's a lot of cheeses
that say they're cheddar but they're not
actually they're just processed cheese's
so if you want the actual cheddar cheese
from England make sure you look at the
label so we've got our sharp cheddar
cheese here you can use a mild one too
and we're just going to place that on
top of the bread or put two slices
nicely on there so as that goes we are
gonna put our second bread butter side
up on top of the cheese and we're going
to let that all melt in there and it
usually takes about three minutes ish to
cook on either side we're gonna be nice
let it get a nice golden brown so there
you go now obviously there's tons of
variations you can do with the with the
grilled cheese but this is like the
really the classic one and you serve
that with a nice tomato soup and you're
done you're good so as that's going nice
medium heat I'm gonna get that done for
a couple of minutes so we as we see that
cheese oozing in it's been a couple
minutes we're gonna do a clip quick flip
of the sandwich so there we go
flip it and as you can see it's got a
nice golden brown there and that's
exactly what we want
so that butter is just gonna toast and
crisp the other side and that cheese is
just gonna melt lovely inside there we
go another couple minutes in there on
your cast-iron pan now the cast-iron pan
is great because it keeps in that heat
and it makes the bread nice and
crispy on the outside yet still nice and
soft inside
so that's toasted really nicely it's
been another couple of minutes and we're
just gonna set it down on the cup of
cutting board but on the other side and
look at that perfect golden brown crispy
and we're gonna cut that o through the
middle we're gonna see that she's losing
ah how good is that so indulgent and
let's just plate it up plate right there
and there you have it everyone that is
your perfect grill team
thanks for watching today everyone and
make sure to subscribe to our website to
watch plenty of other fantastic videos
and if you have an email request you can
email requests at Mahalo comm and we'll
be sure to answer any questions and
queries you might have